[Music]
ok today we're gonna be shooting a spear
gold dot 158 grain 357 Magnum and we're
gonna be shooting this out of a 4-inch
barrel revolver it's a Ruger GP 100 so
we should have plenty of velocity with
this round remember this is the round
that we fired out of the snub nosed and
we didn't get good results so we're
gonna fire it today and there's some
calibrated ballistics gel let's see what
we can do okay here we go with the Ruger
GP 100 we're going to check it out into
the kill see what happened
well I had some ass behind it let's go
check it out okay guys as you see here
about an inch in looks like we got some
massive expansion ballistic channel is
pretty big it looks like it did some
kind of turn here like spiraling in you
can see the cut of the pedals as it
spirals down through there I'm gonna cut
that open that's pretty cool looking but
you can see we keep going we keep going
I'll go up to the back part of the track
here and twenty-three and a quarter it
went out through the back it looks like
we did get expansion as you can see
there is tons of denim deposits right
there in the beginning right out about
the inch and a quarter mark we got tons
of deposits of denim and it definitely
looked like it opened up but it looks
like I'm gonna need to get a bigger
thing at gel because twenty three and a
quarter is not cutting it for this
high-powered 357 magnum let me get that
cut open and I'll show it to you guys
okay guys I just wanted to show you this
channel that went through you can see
what the bullet came in just tore this
thing apart I mean you can see the
petals peeling back and it tore through
pretty good you go up to this top part
here and that's a lot of shockwave you
can see the different color here and you
can see where this peeled back that's a
lot of damage that's a lot of trauma
coming out of that round as we go on
down and then back over to this side you
can see where it just kept going so it
got done doing all of its moving but
that's deep deep deep deep cuts from the
petals it's just a very high-powered
round travel pretty far
I mean I'll definitely retest it with
some more media behind it so we can
definitely capture how far this is going
but look at all the denim it just dumped
it
that's what the round looks like you can
tell there's a different style hollow
point on the gold dot it's a shallow
gold dot so it's using the velocity to
open it instead of a big big flying
ashtray like some of the others do you
can see on this side look at that
discoloration peel back it's a pretty
wicked round once again fired out of a
4-inch barrel Ruger GP 100 I get you
guys whatever I can for some kind of
post but I got a feeling this is gonna
be it for now
or maybe I'll add this to another video
I don't know you guys have a good one